Check for aligned chunks when writing to existing variables (#8459)
pydata/xarray: doc/whats-new.rst

Bug fixes
~~~~~~~~~

> - Writing to unaligned zarr chunks with ``region`` will now raise an error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Partial writes to existing chunks with ``region`` will now raise an error
```

Didn't know what "unaligned" meant here. Does this read better?

Author: Thanks, that is better...
